Clarify --all precedence over --napi (#34)
prebuild/prebuildify: README.md

prebuildify --napi
```

> Note that the flags `--all` and `--target` can add additional targets to the build, which likely are incompatible with N-API. Start with only the `--napi` flag, it should be sufficient for most scenarios.

Author: Added two more sentences to make it even clearer that these flags may mess up the build for most users.

Reviewer: > likely are incompatible with N-API

Oh, that's a good point. Could be considered a (small) bug on `--all`.

There is a good use case for `--target` though: building against an older version of node. This ensures that the included node headers are compatible with the minimum node version you support, as N-API promises forward compatibility, not necessarily backward compatibility.

I prefer that we instead add the caveat about `--napi --all` to the table of options. I'll make a suggestion.

| CLI             | Environment          | Default                        | Description
|:----------------|:---------------------|:-------------------------------|:------------
| `--target -t`   | -                    | Depends.                       | One or more targets\*
| `--all -a`      | -                    | `false`                        | Build all known targets.<br>Takes precedence over `--target` and over `--napi`.

> | `--napi`        | -                    | `false`                        | Make [N-API][n-api] build(s).<br>Targets default to node and electron.

Reviewer: Perhaps document it here instead:

```suggestion
| `--napi`        | -                    | `false`                        | Make [N-API][n-api] build(s).<br>Targets default to latest node and electron, which can be overridden with `-all` or `--target`.
```

|:----------------|:---------------------|:-------------------------------|:------------
| `--target -t`   | -                    | Depends.                       | One or more targets\*
| `--all -a`      | -                    | `false`                        | Build all known targets.<br>Takes precedence over `--target`.

> | `--napi`        | -                    | `false`                        | Make [N-API][n-api] build(s).<br>Targets default to latest node and electron, which can be overridden with `--all` or `--target`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `--napi`        | -                    | `false`                        | Make [N-API][n-api] build(s).<br>Targets default to latest node and electron, which can be overridden with `--target`. Note: `--all` should be avoided for now because it includes targets that don't support N-API.
```
